oh my gosh it's about to start one of
the ways that I believe people express
their appreciation to to the rest of
humanity is to make something wonderful
and put it out there hello peachie fan
it's been a minute I have actually been
sick with the flu for about a week now
so apologies for the slack on the videos
in the podcast but I am back on the
daily peach tonight in every day because
it's the daily peach and also new videos
coming at you this week thank you guys
so much for the well wishes but I just
finished the Apple Tina I was
live-tweeting the entire thing those
things are so exciting for me because
I'm an apple fangirl I'll admit it it's
just so good to see it y'all's faces
again it truly is so the first half of
this video is gonna be talking about the
apple of it the new iPhone the iPhone X
and then if you're clicking on this
video at a later time and you just want
to know what are the best dumble options
for your new macbook pro you go ahead
and skip to this time let's get into it
I'm gonna kind of recap the event just
in case if you missed it and then
sprinkle in my thoughts and opinions a
lot of the new Steve Jobs theater and
insanely humongous new and Apple
headquarters Apple is pushing their
retail stores to be more of a community
center they're calling them town squares
they want areas for people to just come
and sit and hang out or develop a new
app or of course get some help from the
Genius Bar I think this is genius
because they're creating an experience
they're creating community and the more
people in your store outside of your
store plotting how to change the world
and your own devices the more customers
you're gonna have for life Apple watch
Series 3 now has Cellular so you no
longer have to be connected to your
phone I can now access Apple musics
entire catalog just with my Apple watch
if I want to go outside and run and I
have my ear pods it's perfect but for me
it's not really 100% necessary yet for
me to do an upgrade because I have the
Apple watch ceramic and it is just
gorgeous and I love it I don't think
it's a necessity like that Apple earpods
I think the air pods are the most
game-changing thing Apple has released
in a very long time but if you've been
thinking about getting the Apple watch
you haven't made that plunge maybe right
now is the time to do it now that it has
cellular it truly would be so weird to
just not have your phone on you and to
just make a call to someone just wait
until this is our entire phone and we
just press a button there's a heads-up
display and we like tap things in the
air and that's exciting I want that I
want that iPhone there is a new 4k Apple
TV and its features HDR images ooh
pretty more pixels more clear more
pretty pixels yeah there's a new iPhone
the iPhone eight and eight plus they
went ahead and skipped the s and I'm
gonna be honest all of these leaks
happening right before the events kind
of ruin the Wonder of everything because
I feel like we already know pretty much
everything before the event but the
coolest thing that I got out of this are
the new glass casings that will allow
you to wireless charge so instead of
plugging in your phone you're just gonna
drop your phone on a wireless charging
mat and you're there with the last
iPhone update cane a amazing camera
feature called portrait mode where you
take a picture of a person or a thing
and it makes the background all fuzzy
and vocal ishes just like you're
shooting with a DSLR camera well they're
stepping it up in that realm and now
there's a thing called portrait lighting
where your camera in real time
automatically analyzes all of these
details of the light hitting people's
faces and you can scroll through options
of real-time lighting adjustments that
your camera captures the subject with it
it's kind of mind-blowing and of course
augmented reality was brought up many
times issued a demo of a video game I'm
not super interested in video games so
I'm more excited where all of this
technology is going to lead developers
in new apps
speaking of AR we now have animated
emojis where I can take my voice and my
facial expressions and send my friend a
animated emoji of me talking and doing
my facial expressions as a unicorn or as
a fox
exciting times people they close up the
event with the most exciting
announcement and something people have
been anticipating for a long time
the iPhone X Tim Cook said iPhone 10 but
people are calling it just the iPhone X
there's no more home button than the
screen spans from top to bottom on that
sites aside when I saw the video for the
first five minutes and then talking
about it I didn't even think of specs or
anything what I thought about was oh my
gosh this is my white iPhone
so yes the sides are beautiful and
silvery and such but the back of it I've
seen from pictures and video it's just
straight up white - my dream would be to
have a white ceramic iPhone to match my
watch I was freaking out on the
aesthetics from the moment I saw it was
like oh it's gonna match everything so
well I'm a very silver slash white
person oh yes I'm actually a very white
person if you can tell it is an OLED
display 5.8 inches super Retina display
whatever that means but super super
retina and with this thing since there's
no home button you gotta be a gesture
ninja how you unlock the phone is face
ID swiping up is your new home button
and to get to control center and you
just swipe down 12 megabyte dual cameras
the first camera is a s 1.8 aperture the
second error is AF 2.8 aperture and the
difference
the final cut final cut nope the
difference between the ten and the eight
plus is that the second camera on the
iPhone 10 has optical image
stabilization where on the eight plus
only that first camera does and last but
certainly not least we now have portrait
mode selfies do you can now take that
beautiful gooey gooey mushy bokeh
licious portrait mode picture you think
your front-facing camera
to which iPhone are you bet I get Sarah
I'm definitely going to get the X I do
everything other than editing videos on
my iPhone even a lot of the photography
I do is iPhoneography and so the iPhone
is such a crucial part of me making and
sharing content so it's not only the
center I've just me being social and
being able to communicate with my
friends and family which is awesome but
it's also the center of my business and
kind of the center of me I feel like our
phones are at the center of us so I can
vouch for that price just because it is
I would say my number one tool but I
think this ship recently is so
interesting it seemed like everyone was
good with this upgrading once every two
years but I feel like it has really
shifted now where everyone needs a new
phone every single year and honestly I
don't know if that's a good thing but I
guess it makes sense because technology
is moving so fast we always have to have
the newest and latest and greatest
especially for creators but at the same
time that's so much money you're talking
about spending seven hundred to a
thousand twelve hundred dollars every
single year now your phone is probably
the number one most important thing that
you have in your life that isn't like a
human so maybe it makes sense I don't
know what are your thoughts on this
whole now everyone has to upgrade every
year how often do you upgrade I want to
know
if you miss tsukino and you're a Big
Apple fan I would encourage you to go
and watch all of their ads if you admire
filmmaking in the slightest your jaw is
just gonna be dropped they are just
gorgeous and they incite this feeling
and you have like yes yes I need that
okay I feel like I've talked enough if
you're curious about my MacBook set up
and what Dumble you should get it's time
for that what our dumb goals song goals
this right okay this right here is my
computer setup I have the new 2017 Mac
books with the KB Lake processor hooked
up to my Thunderbolt 27-inch Apple
Cinema displays the two questions I get
all of the time is one the new MacBook
it is missing a ton of ports it only has
four USB ports how are you hooking up
your cinema displays is it working and
number two what is the best solution to
plugging in all of your devices all your
things into your MacBook when there's
literally only USB C inputs so stratas
about how i plug my macbook into my
thunderbolt displays and i'll link
everything the stand in the description
below this is the power this is a USBC 2
3.0 dongle plugged in to my USB 3 hub
and this is how I plug in SD cards when
using this setup and on the other side
of things we have two USB C two
thunderbolts dongles that plug straight
in to the monitors so when it comes to
dongles and hyperdrives it's just the
accessories that you need just to have a
functioning computer what are your
options and what is the best it seems a
bit silly but USB C is the future
and so that's why we have to deal with
the girl
sounds like a sitcom doesn't it dealing
with the dongles my go to set up in my
number one recommendation is the hyper
drive so it comes in this leather case
it plugs directly into your computer and
looks so smooth it's the same as I color
as your macbook so it almost seems like
an extension of it it takes up two of
your USB C inputs but it is worth it
because you get two USB SD and micro SD
you get your two Us PC ports back and
also on the top is a HDMI so it looks
the cleanest it is super functional I
have been using it the entire time I've
had this MacBook and it has every port
that you will need so to achieve what
you can do with this with Apple dongle
you would need this one and this one and
a another dongle for SD cards what I'm
trying to say is this makes no sense
resist the Apple dongles something
similar to the Apple Drive that you
can't find on Amazon is something like
this the Lenti on adapter but it doesn't
have as many ports and also it doesn't
rest flush against your macbook it has
this wire so it just hangs and you have
to it's just very inconvenient you don't
get back another USB see and you don't
have an HDMI input hyper drive Amazon
one in terms of performance they perform
exactly the same I can dump an SD card
footage using these
it gives my computer in the same amount
of time so depends if you need a quick
one from Amazon go with something like
this your long-term solution should
probably be something like the
hyperdrive the last thing that I'm going
to show you this is what I opened up in
my last video that I didn't want to show
you yet it's this crazy thing it's
called dock case so basically what this
is is it's a case for your macbook but
all of the empty looks that you need and
all the dongle options are at the end so
this is actually a Kickstarter project
and guys I get so many emails in my
email about Kickstarter's half of them
are 4 Electric skateboards and if I did
videos on all the Kickstarter emails
that I got oh my goodness it would be a
lot but this is the first one that
actually caught my eye I was like wow
that's actually a fantastic idea
oh I have to go to the coffee shop so
I'm just gonna put my macbook in this
nice leather case and not worry about
bringing Gumbel's because my case is a
dog cable in your case you're good to go
I want to get one of my hard drives out
of the premiere file and just make sure
that this connection can hold up
all right so it's playing smooth from
the USB Drive it's actually free yeah I
would recommend this it's genius
so I hope this video was helpful to you
if it was let me know by smashing that
like button smash in that subscribe
button on new videos every single week
and become a part of the peachy fat
we're super creative around here and
want you to be a part of the family
thank you so much for hanging out with
me today remember to subscribe if you
haven't yet but stay peachy okay bye
[Music]